now that we cut off the rear of the car
we can actually see what we have left of
it
we just trimmed out the whole rear
quarter section of the car and took it
off all in one shot we put it up on the
seat board to mock it up to see what we
actually have to do with the car so now
that we chose to rear a rear section of
the Mercedes on to the z4 we we just put
it on there just to see actually what
kind of fabrication where we have to do
obviously the Mercedes is a lot longer
than the said but look we're gonna end
up doing have to lengthen the trunk a
little short in the body still we have
to you know follow the proportions a
little bit we don't want the car to look
too stubby so we yeah you know this all
this comes in like a design ISO so it's
all you have to give a little take a
little
that's fun look yeah I said that for an
z4 and all in the same paragraph we got
new quarter panels coming in from the
states and a couple other body parts
which we're gonna have to modify but you
know the biggest part of it is the rear
trunk section there's a big space
between the Mercedes and the set forth
so all this section is either gonna have
to be fabricated where the Mercedes a
little shorter or the BMW is a little
bit longer so now that the the rear the
rear sections cut off and just mocked up
we're going to go ahead and start
cutting off the front clip to do the
same on that so let's go ahead and start
most of the cuttings done now on the
front clip we've cut it as close as
possible to keep as much as original
body as possible so we just trimmed it
out without cutting through too many
layers of the skin and now we can easily
just start peeling the car away and
bring it this way
we're gonna have to do a little more
trimming in the front clip just scoot it
back
so now we just you know we just put the
fun clip on just to see what we're gonna
have to modify to make it fit a lot
nicer you can start to see that the
whole idea of using a newer car and a
classic body over the top of it
but you know this is just the beginning
of the work so we got the skins on we
chose a BMW because of the wheelbase of
the Mercedes - the BMW was almost
similar there's only about one
centimeter difference so the wheelbase
the width the windshield proportion
there they're all relatively pretty
close so know what we'll do is start
fitting the body to the set for
everything on those that 400 remain
factory the wheelbase engine the
transmission everything down to the
wiring would remain exactly the same the
only thing we're going to do is fit the
body skins to the Tuesdays at 4:00
see you next time when we're cutting
again
have to issue
hey come on look I can kick hi